hello ladies and gentlemen my name is
Ken cats 85 and welcome to a tutorial
video on how to summon people in Dark
Souls 2 and if you can't summon people
what you're doing wrong and that's
that's what the video is going to be so
to dive right into it you can go get a
summon sign in the cardinal tower area
I'm gonna actually take you guys there
and discuss how other people have fucked
up a lot and what the problem is so to
summon people you needed a summon stone
or such as summon Sonia I think that's
what it's called and you pick it up
after being locked in a room and
technically getting fucked if you make
it out alive you get your stone and the
guy's like thank you you get some stone
and stuff so you get that and as soon as
you get that then you you're able to
call people in and the area to go is
then obviously the force of the fallen
Giants I'm just going to run past
everybody because no fucks are being
given right now fuck the fuck that
ladder and he's sitting right over here
as you can see I already did it so the
gate is closed
douchebag sits right right there and
he'll say okay you know you escaped and
did really really good so here's a stone
or what is it let me see a white sign
white sign soapstone so I was
semi-closed and I can leave it to go in
other people's worlds and people are
claiming they don't pop up and the
number one thing that people do wrong is
they join the champions covenant I
joined it and I couldn't do it and I was
like why can't I do this it's because
when you join that covenant it makes you
like okay you're going to play on like a
harder difficulty of the game and you're
going to get fucked 10 times over so
every boss battle I ever fought my
friends have the game too and I play and
you know we do strategize and shit and
they were like oh that boss was so you
easy and then I get to the boss battle
and I'm just sitting there like yeah
yeah like dying 500 times and it is
super super aggravating so I'm back in
majula
and if any of you guys the Covenant is
right up ahead I'm gonna go show you
guys where it is and if any of you guys
joined it you guys were initially fucked
so it's right here it's like Neal you
know enter the Covenant don't do it
don't do it if you want to play with
your friends and if you want the game to
end up murdering you or your console
because I was this close to breaking my
console at some points during this game
but so say if you did join and you want
to get out play with your friends so in
majula there's this little cabin right
here you open it up and there will be a
little bitch cat and you got to talk to
or get over dialogue done and everything
she's like meow meow meow and you can
abandon a covenant so I'm not in one
right now so covenants a company of
champions that's the thing you don't
want to be in that is a god-awful
covenant to be in and then you just say
leave and nothing really doesn't affect
you besides at the top oh you guys can't
see if my face is there but normally
next year health and stamina bar there
will be a covenant sign add that that's
the only thing that's gone and it lowers
the difficulty when you're not in the
champions covenant so if this video is
helpful in any way shape or form
remember to leave a like if you guys are
new to my channel and you guys like what
you saw and you guys want to see more
remember to click that subscribe button
and comment below if this guy's if this
helped you if you guys need some more
tips because I'm pretty educated in this
game and I wouldn't mind posting some
more videos for you guys so you guys get
to know more about the game and if you
guys are noobs at it need a walkthrough
I have a series on that and there will
be a link as an annotation or in the
description taken to that so thank you
guys so much for watching and as always
guys I will talk to all of you in the
fucking next one Oh
oh I keep forgetting oh oh stop stop
stop resisting Oh
you